Hi, my name is Phillip Le. I am originally from Los Angeles, California and I am an aspiring Software Engineer. I recently graduated from Columbia University with a B.A. in Computer Science and am pursuing my M.S. in Computer Science at Columbia in the Fall. 

My main objective in life has always been to help people. Coding is the medium in which I have chose to achieve that. I grew up wanting to be a Cardiothoracic Surgeon, came to Columbia with the intention to become a lawyer, and wanting to become a software developer. 

I ultimately chose to pursue Computer Science for these two reasons. First, it aligned with my life objective to help people. I figured, how many times do people visit the doctor or consult a lawyer in comparison to how many people look at their phones or computers. We as humans consume technology in vast amounts, and that is rapidly increasing. With that comes the responsibility of developers to design and implement effective and accessible solutions that have the potential to be used by millions of people. Second, software gives me the agency to extend my creativity. 

I am constantly inspired by the read world and the things I see, and that informs how and what I develop. 

My curriculum at Columbia was related to backend and system development. I have taken courses like Operating Systems, Computer Networks, and Advanced Programming in C which allowed me to deepen my knowledge and gain experience in building and robust and scalable software systems. These courses equipped me with a foundation in low-level programming, networking, and intricacies of system design. I have used this knowledge during my team as a Backend Software Engineer Intern at NASA where I worked to develop the backend of a data retrieval tool which researchers are able to query large quantities of data and receive it in human-readable forms. 

From my curriculum and my time at NASA, I craved the ability to create software which allowed me to see and interact directly what I was creating as opposed to a terminal screen. I developed Lion Pool, an IOS app which facilitates matches for coordinating carpooling  based on upcoming travel plans. Though I was able to build a responsive backend for the application, I wanted to develop Lion Pool to exercise my creativity. I really enjoyed the process of choosing colors, layouts, and the overall design of the application. I was pleased that in the end not only did I have a working app, but one that I liked to look from an aesthetic point. 

At Relativity, I also am working on the frontend for an application which is integral in Relativity’s manufacturing operations. My previous frontend development experience was working with a backend that I created, however, at Relativity I am developing within an extensive codebase that was developed by another engineer. Developing this application has been integral in building my ability to adapt and collaborate with other engineers to execute this application seamlessly.\n\nI am also a very creative person. I enjoy creating graphics, decorating rooms, sewing clothing, etc. In my free time I like to frolic New York City and admire all the visual elements that make up our world: lighting, color, and scale.\n\nOutside of software, I enjoy creating graphics, decorating rooms, sewing clothing, etc. I like to explore and frolic new and old places and admire all the visual elements that make up our world: lighting, color, and scale. I am constantly inspired by the world and what I see in it, and I extend that into all aspects of my being. 
